# 游꾸 Release notes (`0.0.1b`)

## Changes
- Add __len__ to NumericPopulation and then use it instead of a dependency on numpy.
- Adds file to publish doc changes w/o waiting for cronjob.
- Fixup sphinx usage examples to render correctly(?)
- Towards a more type-clean mypy check.
- Fix cut_version.sh for new name.
- Fixup sphinx doc generation so that it works post name change.

## Metadata
```
This version -------- 0.0.1b
Previous version ---- 
Total commits -------        6
```
# 游꾸 Release notes (`0.0.1b2`)

## Changes
- Improve documentation.
- More work on improving docs.
- Improve docs.
- Add some example code.
- Followup to previous changes in math_utils; have the code use its own len.
- Moving zookeeper.py here caused a dep on kazoo.
- Make markdown look nicer.
- Update README with link to local git repo + previous version.
- Cut version 0.0.1b

## Metadata
```
This version -------- 0.0.1b2
Previous version ---- 
Total commits -------        9
```
# 游꾸 Release notes (`0.0.1b3`)

## Changes
- Handle exception from os when attempting to determine console sizes.
- Fall back on os.get_terminal_size() rather than calls to tput/stty when we can't figure out how big the console is.
- More work to improve documentation generated by sphinx.  Also fixes some type hints that were confusing mypy and re-enables the doctests in collectionz/trie + collections/bst.  Some improvement of the typez/centcount and typez/money that were inspired by improving their docs.
- More work to improve the quality of sphinx autodocs.
- More writing examples and improving documentation.
- More documentation changes but includes a change to config.py that removes the ability to set flags via environment variables.  It was hacky and I don't use it.
- Improve documentation in bootstrap.py.
- Improve documentation in argparse_utils.py.
- Improve documentation in ansi.py.
- Minor logic changes (e.g. thunk one method to another) but a lot of documentation cleanup.
- More documentation.
- Adds function to write out an integer longhand.
- Cut version 0.0.1b2

## Metadata
```
This version -------- 0.0.1b3
Previous version ---- 
Total commits -------       13
```
# 游꾸 Release notes (`0.0.1b4`)

## Changes
- Update sphinx links to anonymous references to work around a warning message at docs build time.
- More documentation improvements.
- Fix run_tests.py to detect doctest failures and tear itself down more quickly when a test has failed.
- Update remote worker records to be more instructive.
- Hacky code to sort the colors on the sphinx webpage. :P
- Cut version 0.0.1b3

## Metadata
```
This version -------- 0.0.1b4
Previous version ---- 
Total commits -------        6
```
# 游꾸 Release notes (`0.0.1b5`)

## Changes
- Add missing dependency on ANTLR runtime.
- Lift easter() function from dateutils and remove that dependency from this project.  Original copyright and attribution in the code and the root NOTICE file.
- Make sure lockfile always sets locktime.  Use locktime in cron.py to optionally create a record of lockfile contention for future analysis.
- Improve cut_version.sh understanding of old versions.
- Teach cut_version.sh about PREVIOUS_VERSION...
- Add a blurb about fff.py in README.
- Add fff.py as an example but it's really a devtool that I used in the pre-commit hook.
- Clean up run_tests.py
- More messing with the project file.
- Update license to try to make the PyPi page look nicer...
- Make it clear that --config_allow_dynamic_updates doesn't take any argument.
- Add some more examples and a convenience method in config.py for terminating the program due to bad flags.
- Reference local files in wordle example.
- Better explain what the heck is going on in deferred_operand.py.
- Add an overall runtime line to the final report in run_tests.py.
- Adds timer next to progress bar in run_tests.py.
- Remove hardcoded properties list from DeferredOperand; use a c'tor param instead.
- Add a comment for future fields in SmartFuture.
- Make DeferredOperand handle sets, dirs, dels transparently by passing them along to the wrapped result.
- Make DeferredOperand work more transparently.
- Stop calling internal method _resolve in run_tests.py.
- Log an error message when something went wrong in run_tests.py.
- Do not let test names in results collide when we run one to capture coverage and another instance of the same test w/o coverage to check perf.
- Make run_tests.py keep track of test runtimes.
- Make run_tests.py tell you what's still running.
- Cut version 0.0.1b4

## Metadata
```
This version -------- 0.0.1b5
Previous version ---- 0.0.1b4
Total commits -------       26
```
